In summary, what have we learned in this training?
Well, least privilege security is no joke.
I mean, years, and years, and years ago,
say Windows NT in the 90's and early, early 2000's,
a lot of the OS level security was open by default,
and it was up to the administrator to constrain.
Now, fortunately, it's pretty much the opposite,
where much is locked down by default,
and that's the way it should be for least privilege security,
and then you make judicious exceptions based on your use case.
Specifically, ransomware has been devastating in 2017 in particular,
and the notion of Ransomware as a Service means that you don't have
to be a programmer to launch devastating attacks,
and ransomware normally comes in through malicious or phishing email,
and of course malicious code,
and potential vulnerabilities in the SMB file sharing stack in Windows,
so you need to have your antivirus and antimalware up-to-date and on point,
so it can capture those kind of problems before they actually hit.
No Windows device should be without either antimalware or firewall,
and as I've said earlier, I've had great luck relying upon the Microsoft tools,
the Windows Defender Firewall, and the Windows Defender Antimalware Client.
Just leave them enabled.
That's what I say.
In the next module we'll turn our attention to Windows 10 File Systems,
as well as we'll inject some security, yet again,
by examining various data encryption methods.
Thanks for hanging in. I'll see you then.